>> This is "Nuevo,"
Antonio Urzi.
The best UFO hunter
in the world has
managed to obtain
extraordinary images
of what appears to
be large spaceships
and other objects
that are inexplicable
in conventional ways.
So, we traveled to Milan, Italy
to the house of Antonio Urzi
in Cinisello Balsamo.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I am 45 years old.
I am a fashion designer.
But I have a more important
mission in my life--
communicating with
extraterrestrial beings
that in this moment are
visiting planet Earth.
I am a witness of
this incredible truth.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Always, because this
relationship has existed since
I was four years old.
And now as an adult, I had the
opportunity to videotape UFOs.
My parents remember that since
I was a four-year-old boy,
I already had those experiences,
seeing things in the sky.
My great fortune is
that now I have a way
to obtain proof
of their presence.
That I consider of
great importance.
It has become the
central part of my life.
I am an earthling.
And I have this mission to
capture UFOs and the video
and spread this
truth to the world.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Not really.
As a child, I only
had the desire
to look at the ships physically
during the day and dream
about them during the night.
Of course, I felt fear.
But when I overcame it, then
it was a thrill to see them.
In 1995, when I was fortunate to
know the experiences of Giorgio
Bongiovanni and
Eugenio Siragusa it
reminded me of my
past experiences.
At that moment, I started a
process of internal evolution.
It was a process that would
take 10 years since 1995.
And after that time, I met
Giorgio Bongiovanni in 2005.
And a new world opened for me.
It is the truth for me, not
the reality for all, but mine.
Seeing those ships
was a real revelation
and a great experience.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Always, Jaime, always,
although somewhat periodically,
not continuously.
Imagine a child who can see
those beings or those ships
five or six times a year.
It's terrific and will
enrich your brain forever.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes, because
without having proof,
they could say he's crazy.
This child has a problem.
I used to say to them, look at
the sky, not only my family,
but also my friends during
the summer at the beach.
Maybe an hour would pass and
I would not see anything.
I do not remember exactly.
But I kept looking up,
looking at the sky.
Look, there is a ship,
suddenly I shouted.
Come, come.
And that attracted
about 30 people.
This happened four
or five times.
Many people were witnesses
besides my father
and my mother.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Nothing, simply nothing.
They just looked at me
and said, oh, how cute.
But they did not
show much enthusiasm.
I remember in that time, I had--
I was in fifth grade.
I was 9 years old.
And at that age, you already
understand how others see you.
Many classmates mocked
me because they said,
he's inventing stories
that he watches
those beings, those ships, those
strange structures, the UFOs,
extraterrestrial ships.
For me, they are more than that.
Now, we understand
better that they
are ships from other worlds
that move in the cosmos
and that now fly
above the earth.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I had a lot of emotions and
deep feelings because that is
my truth.
I knew it since I was a child.
Suddenly in a moment,
from 2005 to 2006,
I had a lot of information
besides the one I already had.
That affected me
a lot physically,
but not spiritually.
You know what it is
to live in this world,
in this materialistic
society in which we only
talk about football, cars,
vanities, money, everything,
but nothing transcendental.
Imagine that in 1995, I did not
have all this new information.
>> After spending his childhood
and youth where he lived
through this adventure
almost alone,
he would meet Simona
Sibila, today his wife,
with whom he would share all
his experiences since that time.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> In January of 2000,
I met Simona Sibila.
For me, it was a historical
event of enormous importance
that will give closure to my
past experience and for her,
too.
She compliments me, becomes
the final part of my mission.
Well, not precisely the last,
but it is the most important.
There is something else
that I will tell you later.
This is very interesting.
After that January, I told
Simona about my experience.
You know that when
two young people meet,
they share everything--
what you do, what you like.
And I explained
my life, my work.
And Simona also explained to
me how she lived, what she did,
and what she wants.
I started talking
a lot, because I
like to describe my inner self,
what my life was really like.
One day, I was encouraged.
And I said, Simona, I have the
experience of being a contact.
From that moment,
Jaime, for three years,
we have lived intense
experiences of all kinds.
For example, once we saw
a robot about six feet
tall and long, like a
cylinder, and a head with eyes.
I was on the balcony
and took the camera
to record what was happening.
I remember it distinctly.
It was something incredible.
It was in that position
where the division is.
From there, I saw everything.
The robot kept moving
in that direction.
It passed over the
roof of all the houses.
It turns and it looks at me.
I called Simona, because I
wanted her to come and see it.
After that, another event--
an orange light that rose above
the cars, over the traffic
lights and even us.
We have the testimony
of Gloria, also Luca.
They remembered that well and
said, incredible, how big.
But it's not normal.
How can you tell that to people?
But now I can say it, because
we have a lot of material
from that part of my life.
And I think it's time to
talk, because I'm not alone
recording those phenomena.
Many people in the world
also have these experiences.
And this is a way to give
them strength, courage
to even speak without fear.
>> Continuing with the
experience of May 8, 2005,
Antonio would record an energy
object at a low altitude.
In the image, recorded
during the night,
we can see a ship with
the characteristic shape
of the so-called flying saucers,
which displays immense energy.
Nevertheless, you can see the
configuration of the object.
More than 30 minutes
later, the ship
moved away until it disappeared.
Simona Sibila has
shared these experiences
with Antonio Urzi since the
first months of the year 2000.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The first time I saw a ship
with Antonio was in Portofino.
And I started shouting.
I was in the car and
screaming like crazy.
I bent down, because
I was terrified.
But now when I see a UFO,
it's already a regular thing
that's part of my life.
And at that moment,
I feel happy.
Sometimes I'm a little nervous.
But Antonio is more in control.
I think it's even
more natural for him,
because I see him happy from the
moment he wakes in the morning.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes, there have been many
sightings with Antonio during
the 18 years that
we've been together.
Since 2003, we began to
have those experiences.
We saw many ships of different
shapes and a variety of colors.
But lately it's less frequent.
It doesn't happen every
day as it did before.
In comparison, these
experiences have
diminished, especially
the large ships
that Antonio has recorded.
Now when they appear,
they're much smaller.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes, of course.
The first year when we started
having those experiences,
we didn't have a video camera.
And we didn't think about
telling anyone what we saw,
because it was something
just between us,
a private experience that we
wouldn't share with anyone.
But when Antonio
got the cameras,
he started videotaping the ships
almost every day, close up,
from a distance, and
also the gray beings
when they appeared and
disappeared in the house.
I can assure you that
Antonio recorded a lot,
without exaggerating, for
six or seven times a day,
always capturing an image of
things that were not normal
as seen in the previous video.
That is our story.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Of course.
Most people go to bed at
11:00 or 12:00 at night.
When I woke up at 4:00
or 5:00 in the morning,
Antonio was not in bed.
He was in the window
of the bathroom
or the one near
the bed, observing
the sky, totally obsessed.
On one occasion in summer,
it was so hot, I got up.
And Antonio was not in bed.
I found him in the
window with the camera,
recording a large number of
UFOs of all types and sizes.
It was something incredible.
And it was already
10:00 in the morning.
It's one of the first episodes
that I remember the most,
because Antonio
almost passed out.
He had an attack.
He had a tachycardia.
So I took him to bed and told
him, now you're going to sleep,
because you're not well.
It really is an
obsession for him.
The most important thing in his
life is filming those ships.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes.
As I mentioned to you, for
us, it was a natural thing.
Antonio filming those
ships was like having
coffee in the morning.
And he drank several
because he needed them.
Lately, the recordings
have decreased.
He used to spend a good
part of the night filming
with his camera.
And then in the day,
he continued filming--
filming and filming.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> On April 29, 2007,
Simona Sibila would live
an extraordinary experience
when recording a large object
at a very low altitude
from her home in Milan.
This video would be
named "Granny's Video."
>> Look at that.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> That's incredible.
>> Look at that.
That's incredible.
Call Granny.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Oh, she's got to see this.
>> Hurry!
[BLEEP]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> We call it the
"Granny's Video"
because when Antonio saw that
massive ship over the house,
he called me immediately,
"Simona, Simona."
When I heard it, I
was scared because I
didn't know what was happening.
Then, I saw that big
and awesome object.
And he told me to call my
grandmother at the same time
he was cursing.
And I told him, don't
say those things.
But he insisted that
I call my grandmother.
I was standing beside him.
And the UFO was
moving very fast.
So Antonio told me to run.
So I put on a robe and left
quickly to go for Granny.
Luckily, I was able to
bring her to see the UFO.
Suddenly, that ship disappeared.
But there were many other UFOs.
It really was an
enjoyable experience.
People are still
laughing that we
call that video the
"Video of Granny."
That video has no additions.
And we can clearly
hear what Antonio says.
"Simona, look at this UFO.
Quickly, run and
bring Grandmother."
I told him to wait.
And you can hear when
I close the door.
And that's the story of
that famous "Granny Video."
>> We asked Simona Sibila if
she believed the experience she
lived with Antonio
was indeed real.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes, the experience
is totally authentic.
I've lived it since
I've been with Antonio.
It's something that belongs
to me and is something real.
If people don't believe
that Antonio and I have
these experiences, as well
as many other witnesses,
it's their problem.
I don't write books.
I don't make films.
I don't get money.
Sometimes we've had
severe economic times.
If we give lectures,
it's thanks to you,
to Giorgio, and
to the people who
believe us and
invite us to carry
this message to many places.
We've traveled to many
parts of the world
because when there's
a goal in life,
we somehow manage to achieve it.
This becomes like a
war we have to win.
The experience is terrific.
I'm an average, ordinary
woman, mother of a family,
and sometimes it's hard to
deal with so many people.
What we live is real.
If there are some who
do not believe us,
maybe it's because of envy.
>> During 2006, Antonio video
recorded a ship with similar
characteristics to the
so-called UFO of George Adamski.
It was accompanied by a
sphere at 5:42 in the morning,
shortly after dawn.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> No.
I do not receive any income.
For me, it's the
search for the truth.
I do it freely.
I feel I have an
obligation to offer
these graphic testimonies.
I have many friends
who tell me that they
have their own problems.
Indeed, we all face them.
In my case, it was the lack of
means to capture better images.
But Giorgio gave me access to
cameras with large telephoto
lenses.
You know that I've
deleted a lot of videos
because sometimes I only had
one cassette to record on.
And I was hoping to
get better images.
So, I could not
keep many pictures
because I reused
the same cassettes
since I did not have money.
This saddens me, because
I lost a lot of material
that I recorded night and day
of spheres and luminous balls.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I have two or
three, maybe more.
But I like the one
on April 29, 2007,
because it's the first
time it flew over my head.
It reminded me of an episode
in Sicily when I was 11 at 7:00
in the morning on a sightseeing
trip with my grandfather.
I had a fever.
I do not know why.
But I went out to the
terrace of the room.
And I saw a similar UFO.
The structure was the same,
almost the same as the ones
I saw later.
On another occasion
in March 2009,
it also flew over my head.
I remember it well.
And I think they
were the same beings.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I am thrilled with
these experiences.
But I also suffer because
I still need more.
I have seen many things.
I have many adventures.
But I need to have
a contact every day,
because my spirit
communicates with them.
And not having it daily is
a part of that suffering.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Antonio would reveal us for
the first time since we started
this research more than 12 years
ago experiences that he has
lived inside his house.
We can believe them or not.
However, he racks
up what he says
with some of the images
of alien spaceships
that are the most
extraordinary of all times.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> That's right, Jaime.
Many times, I have
seen greys, also
in human form
wearing a spacesuit.
This is difficult to explain.
But it's my truth.
If people do not believe
me, that does not affect me.
But I can tell those
experiences as a contact.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> One night, when I
was about to go to bed,
I suddenly noticed that there
were greys looking at me.
I can tell you that it
is difficult to explain,
but it is the truth.
It is my experience.
The greys were looking
at me like that.
I felt paralyzed.
And they were like that.
I was staring at them
at the same time.
This is strange.
The greys are different
from human beings.
On another occasion, five
or six greys appeared.
I do not remember
well, three or two.
There was one there
at that height,
because I was leaning
back looking at his head.
And he was taller
than this wall.
And he was like that, entirely
dressed in black, fully erect.
And there was a full moon.
And all the other greys--
they were not stiff as a
doll, but more relaxed.
It really was something
impressive, Jaime.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> No.
I do not have anything.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I think everything must be--
how would I say--
go step by step, because
it's a precise plan.
Videotaping the ships helps
to desensitize the public.
At this time, I
cannot show images.
But soon I will
be able to do so.
To capture scenes
of these beings,
we have placed this camera.
And that will send
pictures automatically,
even if I do not activate it.
So, for the people who want
proof, we now have this camera.
To capture scenes
of these beings,
we have placed this camera
that will send pictures
automatically even if
I do not activate it.
It's connected to
the security system.
And I will receive
images even on my phone.
So we will have another
means of documentation.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Yes, I think so.
>> I don't know.
It could be tomorrow, tonight,
maybe a year from now.
You know that the will
of heaven is not ours,
even though we have
the desire to do it.
But everything depends
on the Lord of heaven.
We just obey.
>> During the year 2008, Antonio
Urzi would record various
objects with
high-quality images.
In 2007, Giorgio
Bongiovanni gave him
a high-definition
digital camera,
which allowed Antonio to record
images with superb clarity.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
On March 13, 2008 while
listening to music at home,
he was able to record an
object that was performing
various movements in the sky.
It was evident
that the object was
moving near the clouds,
a fantastic image.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Oh, it's something
so beautiful.
Yes, beautiful.
Beautiful.
Oh, so beautiful.
>> On August 26, he was again
able to observe a ship very
similar to others, like the one
recorded on December 3, 2004,
with the same characteristics.
On that occasion,
at night, images
are brighter and allow
us to observe details
as never before.
In the picture, there
were also some black dots,
because Antonio
sometimes directed
the lens of the camera
towards the sun,
creating the damages
you see in the image.
In this video, you can
also hear the music
that Antonio was listening
to at that moment.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
On December 3, he again
captured an object
that was moving in front of
the buildings near his house
from which it was possible to
establish a point of reference.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The last video recorded
by Antonio in 2008
was subject to
considerable controversy
since some reflections
are visible,
which according to some were
clear evidence of fraud.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Oh, losing sight of him.
He's leaving.
He's going.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> We see here the metal
disc that Antonio Urzi filmed
on December 24, 2008, with
considerable reflection
in the central part
and, therefore,
have anomalies in
the bright spots.
Later, we identify
them as lens flares.
By analyzing the
image of Urzi's video,
we can see the buildings and
that the object interacts
with sunlight, thus creating
the same anomalies that
are identical to those caused
by the discoidal object.
If we filter the object,
it is possible to notice
with the effect of the
edge utilizing the filters,
which we do not see
in the video and which
are the reflections at the
same distance between them.
We do not notice the presence of
any thread, as some have said,
that was an object
that was hanging.
It also checks that the object
is large and very bulky.
Here, we also apply
several filters.
And no anomalies are visible.
These are simple reflections.
And there is nothing
artificial that has
been created by human hands.
Here we can see this
is very noticeable.
Someone smart has taken a
picture of Antonio's video
and added some threads.
Then, I made the comparison
between the original frame.
And it proves that the
object has been altered.
We can see it with
the mapping of pixels,
which is modified here.
And therefore, the pixel
structure has lost definition.
We conclude that this
image is not reliable.
It is false while the real
one is genuine and does not
show any alteration.
It is not a miniature.
It is a real object,
not a created model.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Exactly.
This internet user
took a frame of a video
on YouTube of the images
published by Antonio.
Utilizing software, he
applied some threads awkwardly
to simulate that they are
those of a fishing rod
and that those threads support
the supposedly false object.
Then, when analyzing the
image, we immediately
notice that the
definition is lost
because it is not the original.
When an image is
loaded on YouTube,
it is compressed and
then loses its quality.
In the example of this
image, there is no quality.
And the thread's added,
alleging that it is deceitful.
However, this is not the case,
because comparing the image
with the original, we have
the absolute certainty
that there has not
been manipulation,
been any compression.
There are only the
flare and the UFO.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> In our opinion, it is an
envious person trying to prove
unsuccessfully
that it is a fake.
>> That is to say that there are
significant interests at work
trying to prevent the
consideration of the case
of Antonio Urzi being authentic,
because the implications would
be extraordinary--
that a human being
has become a contact
for another civilization.
And so this
investigation continues.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Who's Antonio
Urzi to this day?
The docents of evidence
that he has produced
in video and photography has
proved their authenticity
as we will see in
all the analyses.
We still have to listen
to the testimony of those
who have accompanied him and
who will share their encounters
with the unknown.
We have a real case.
We will know more about
false attempts that
were done to try to
stop him as well as
the evidence that
he has produced
since 2009 until today.
A real case for history,
especially for the future.
I am Jaime Maussan.
And I will see you in our
next program of "Nuevo."
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presented "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.